[horns blow]
- ♪ Chico ♪
-♪ Bon Bon ♪
-♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
-♪ Chico Bon Bon, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico Bon Bon
Chico, Chico Bon Bon Bon ♪
♪ Monkey, monkey
A monkey with a tool belt ♪
A monkey with a tool belt ♪
♪ Monkey, monkey
I saw a m-- m-- monkey!
Tool belt!
♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪Chico Bon Bon
Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon
Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
Monkey with a tool belt.
[child]
Chico Bon Bon and the Underwear Parade.
I'm Neil Ostrich, your beak on the street!
All of Blunderburg is gearing up
for the annual Underwear Parade,
where everyone wears their undies
outside their clothes.
Even me! [chuckles]
As soon as Mayor Murphy arrives
wearing the royal underwear,
the parade will begin! Eh-oh!
My microphone!
[Chico] I can fix that!
[Neil] Why, it's Blunderburg's
expert engineer, Chico Bing Bong!
Huh?
No, that's Chico Bon Bon, Neil.
Monkey with a tool belt.
Time to engineer a new microphone.
There you go, the Mega Mic 8000.
See you at the Underwear Parade, Neil.
-Thanks, Chunko.
-It's, uh, Chico.
All right, Fix-It Force.
The parade's about to begin.
Undies up! Rainbow Thunder!
How pow meow!
Tiny!
Clark!
Ah! Peanuts!
Whoa! Whoa! Ugh!
Here!
Looking good, team! Snap test!
Stretch...
and snap!
Ooh, whoa, the sound of that snap!
Next stop, the Underwear Parade--
-[alarm beeping]
-[gasps] The banana phone!
Chico Bon Bon! You got a problem?
We can solve ‘em!
Chico Boom Boom! Oh, thank heavens.
I have a real problem.
Mayor Murphy? Oh, it's Chico Bon Bon.
Shouldn't you be getting ready
for the parade?
If you can't solve this,
there won't be an Underwear Parade.
[all gasp]
Don't worry, Mayor Murphy.
Fix-It Force, time to bring the awesome!
-[action music playing]
-[kids] Chico Bon Bon!
Rainbow Thunder!
Clark!
Tiny!
Whoa! Ah!
Uh!
[robot] Tool Force One activated.
Oh, thanks for coming, Mr. Bam Bam.
[chuckles] Ooh, Bon Bon!
As you know,
the Underwear Parade can only begin
with an appearance
by the Mayor of Blunderburg,
me,
wearing these...
[Clark gasps]
The royal underwear.
-So, what's the problem, Mayor?
-See for yourself.
[all gasp]
The royal underwear won't stay on!
I pull them up, and they fall right down!
[all gasp]
Oh, if I can't wear them,
the Underwear Parade
will have to be canceled.
Canceled? Ah...
Hold on. I think I see the problem.
The waistband on the royal underwear
has lost its-- its--
-Rainbow, what's that word again?
-Elasticity!
Elas-what-pa-pa?
Elasticity!
See when things stretch
and then snap back into place?
It's called elasticity.
Like a rubber band.
Or a hair tie. Or this slingshot here.
Tiny?
Just stretch and snap.
Yay! Elasticity!
To make the royal underwear stay on,
we'll need to engineer
a new waistband with lots of elasticity.
Clark, what have we got?
Well, we could try a rubber cord.
Too tight.
[crashing]
Oh, or what about
some peanut butter taffy?
Mmm, tasty. But droopy.
Oh, what about an elastic band?
Stretchy and snappy.
Oh, stylish too.
I think we've found
our new waistband material.
Fix-It Force, let's get to work.
[machine beeping]
EZ Tweezies.
[suspenseful music playing]
Removing the old waistband.
Elastic band.
No, I can't look!
[Chico] Inserting the new waistband.
[continuous beep]
Chico, we're losing them!
[Chico] Oh, no, we're not! Super Stitcher!
[action music playing]
[beeping resumes]
[gasps] You did it!
The underwear is stabilizing!
Phew! Underwear improvement complete.
Try 'em out, Mayor.
Thank you, Chico.
These will definitely stay on. [laughs]
Whoopsie!
[gasps] Oh, the royal undies!
No need to panic.
-[horn honks]
-[gasps] Time to panic!
-Yes! [cries]
-[Chico] Don't worry, Mayor Murphy.
We'll have your underwear back
in time for the parade.
That's a Chico Bon Bon promise.
As for the rest of us,
we've got some undies to catch.
Let's snap to it!
[wheels screeching]
-There's the truck!
-[action music playing]
[Rainbow Thunder]
There's the underwear!
Mr. Dunderhead, stop your truck!
The royal underwear are on it!
-[music playing]
-[muffled] If you don't stop, no parade.
He can't hear you. What do we do?
Clark, trunk me!
You got it!
[grunts]
Whoa!
Chico!
Ah!
Whoa!
Ugh!
-[Chico grunts]
-[gasps]
Oh.
[grunting]
[sighs]
Huh?
Sandwich coming through.
Whoa!
Phew. [gasps]
[gasps] The underwear went down the drain!
[action music playing]
Go, Tiny!
Got you!
[Clark] Chico,
the underwear's stretching too much.
Even elasticity has its limits.
We've gotta unhook those undies
before they rip in half!
-Rainbow, how close can you get me?
-Pretty close.
Ooh, I can use that truck as a ramp!
I don't like that idea, Rainbow.
I love it!
Step on it!
Hold on to your whiskers!
[wheels screeching]
[grunting]
These undies are off the hook. [screams]
[both] Chico!
Ooh.
Wow! Chico, you saved the royal undies.
And you've got a category five wedgie.
Ah, that's a personal best!
[cell phone chimes]
Chico Bon Bon, monkey with a wedgie.
Chico! Have you found the royal underwear?
Sure have, Mayor Murphy.
Got 'em right here.
But I need them right here, right now.
The parade is about to start!
Hang tight, we're on our way!
Okay, everybody, into Tool Force One!
If we hurry,
we can get there just in time.
-Well, that's gonna be hard.
-No way. The Fix-It Force can do anything.
No, I mean, that's gonna be hard.
Your vehicle's stuck in concrete.
[all gasp]
[engine revs]
Oh, yep, it's stuck all right.
But now we'll never get
the mayor the underwear in time.
The parade will be canceled and--
Uh, Chico.
I think you better take a banana break.
[Chico] Hmm. We gotta get
the royal undies to Mayor Murphy.
But Tool Force One is stuck.
We need to snap to it.
Snap...
Wait, maybe we can use elasticity.
Rubber band?
-[buzzes]
-No.
Hair tie?
-[buzzes]
-No.
-Slingshot!
-[dings]
Blazing bananas, that's it!
We can make a giant slingshot to launch me
and the royal underwear to the parade.
Rainbow, which way's the parade?
That way!
Clark, stretch me back.
You got it!
[both grunting]
Snap!
Oo-oo-oo-oo-whoo-hoo-hoo!
And now,
the moment we've all been waiting for.
Here's Mayor Murphy,
kicking off the Underwear Parade in ten...
[crowd] Nine!
-Eight!
-Oh, my.
-Seven! Six!
-There's the parade!
-Here comes Chico Bing-Bong!
-Five!
Four!
-Three! Two! One!
-Where are those underwear?
Right here, Mayor Murphy!
Chico!
Undies up!
Let the Underwear Parade begin!
[crowd cheering]
[chanting] Underwear! Underwear!
Thank you, Chico.
You saved the Underwear Parade. [laughs]
Let's all hear it for Chico Bon Bon.
[chuckles] Hey! You got my name right!
-Chico!
-[all] Bon Bon!
-Bon Bon!
Guys, you made it!
-Yeah.
-[laughs] Of course we did, Chico.
We're the Fix-It Force!
Let's get this underwear party started.
But first, snap test!
[Fix-It Force] Stretch...
and snap!
-[crowd cheering]
-Best Underwear Parade ever.
[parade music playing]